README.md, before:

![Travis build v3.3/dev](https://img.shields.io/travis/spiderlabs/owasp-modsecurity-crs/v3.3/dev?label=v3.3%2Fdev)
![Travis build v3.2/dev](https://img.shields.io/travis/spiderlabs/owasp-modsecurity-crs/v3.2/dev?label=v3.2%2Fdev)
![Travis build v3.1/dev](https://img.shields.io/travis/spiderlabs/owasp-modsecurity-crs/v3.1/dev?label=v3.1%2Fdev)
[![OWASP Flagship](https://img.shields.io/badge/owasp-flagship%20project-38a047.svg)](https://www.owasp.org/index.php/OWASP_Project_Inventory#tab=Flagship_Projects)
[![CII Best Practices](https://bestpractices.coreinfrastructure.org/projects/1390/badge)](https://bestpractices.coreinfrastructure.org/projects/1390)

# OWASP ModSecurity Core Rule Set (CRS)

The OWASP ModSecurity Core Rule Set (CRS) is a set of generic attack detection rules for use with ModSecurity or compatible web application firewalls. The CRS aims to protect web applications from a wide range of attacks, including the OWASP Top Ten, with a minimum of false alerts.

## CRS Resources

Please see the [OWASP ModSecurity Core Rule Set page](https://coreruleset.org/) to get introduced to the CRS and view resources on installation, configuration, and working with the CRS.

## Contributing to the CRS

We strive to make the OWASP ModSecurity CRS accessible to a wide audience of beginner and experienced users. We are interested in hearing any bug reports, false positive alert reports, evasions, usability issues, and suggestions for new detections.

[Create an issue on GitHub](https://github.com/SpiderLabs/owasp-modsecurity-crs/issues) to report a false positive or false negative (evasion). Please include your installed version and the relevant portions of your ModSecurity audit log.

[Sign up for the mailing list](https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-modsecurity-core-rule-set) to ask general usage questions and participate in discussions on the CRS.

[Join the #modsecurity channel on Freenode IRC](https://webchat.freenode.net/?channels=%23modsecurity) to chat about the CRS.

## License

Copyright (c) 2006-2019 Trustwave and contributors. All rights reserved.

The OWASP ModSecurity Core Rule Set is distributed under Apache Software License (ASL) version 2. Please see the enclosed LICENSE file for full details.

Commit message:

Updates IRC link with Slack one

README.md, after:

![Travis build v3.3/dev](https://img.shields.io/travis/spiderlabs/owasp-modsecurity-crs/v3.3/dev?label=v3.3%2Fdev)
![Travis build v3.2/dev](https://img.shields.io/travis/spiderlabs/owasp-modsecurity-crs/v3.2/dev?label=v3.2%2Fdev)
![Travis build v3.1/dev](https://img.shields.io/travis/spiderlabs/owasp-modsecurity-crs/v3.1/dev?label=v3.1%2Fdev)
[![OWASP Flagship](https://img.shields.io/badge/owasp-flagship%20project-38a047.svg)](https://www.owasp.org/index.php/OWASP_Project_Inventory#tab=Flagship_Projects)
[![CII Best Practices](https://bestpractices.coreinfrastructure.org/projects/1390/badge)](https://bestpractices.coreinfrastructure.org/projects/1390)

# OWASP ModSecurity Core Rule Set (CRS)

The OWASP ModSecurity Core Rule Set (CRS) is a set of generic attack detection rules for use with ModSecurity or compatible web application firewalls. The CRS aims to protect web applications from a wide range of attacks, including the OWASP Top Ten, with a minimum of false alerts.

## CRS Resources

Please see the [OWASP ModSecurity Core Rule Set page](https://coreruleset.org/) to get introduced to the CRS and view resources on installation, configuration, and working with the CRS.

## Contributing to the CRS

We strive to make the OWASP ModSecurity CRS accessible to a wide audience of beginner and experienced users. We are interested in hearing any bug reports, false positive alert reports, evasions, usability issues, and suggestions for new detections.

[Create an issue on GitHub](https://github.com/SpiderLabs/owasp-modsecurity-crs/issues) to report a false positive or false negative (evasion). Please include your installed version and the relevant portions of your ModSecurity audit log.

[Sign up for the mailing list](https://lists.owasp.org/mailman/listinfo/owasp-modsecurity-core-rule-set) to ask general usage questions and participate in discussions on the CRS.

[Find us in the #coreruleset channel on Slack](https://owasp.slack.com/messages/CBKGH8A5P). If you haven't joined, use [this link](https://join.slack.com/t/owasp/shared_invite/enQtNjExMTc3MTg0MzU4LWQ2Nzg3NGJiZGQ2MjRmNzkzN2Q4YzU1MWYyZTdjYjA2ZTA5M2RkNzE2ZjdkNzI5ZThhOWY5MjljYWZmYmY4ZjM).

## License

Copyright (c) 2006-2019 Trustwave and contributors. All rights reserved.

The OWASP ModSecurity Core Rule Set is distributed under Apache Software License (ASL) version 2. Please see the enclosed LICENSE file for full details.
